When I came to my senses, I found myself in the middle of a forest.

It seemed like I had failed in landing during the transfer, as I was lying on the ground. To check for any injuries, I got up and examined my body.

It appeared that I was unharmed, but my clothes were covered in grass, so I brushed them off while observing the surroundings. Trees. Trees. Trees. A somewhat unpaved mountain path was a bit further away.

A landscape that seemed familiar. Familiar vegetation.

My intuition told me it was Japan, but at the same time, an indescribable discomfort lingered in the back of my mind. Japan, yet not quite...?

『――As always, your observation skills are impeccable.』

Pri-chan's voice of exasperation echoed.

"Well, even though I'm doing this, my main profession is a researcher, and I have the valuable Appraisal skill: Appraisal Eye," I replied.

『Your unnecessary high specs make me bow my head in admiration.』

She was always sarcastic, but her tone seemed more bitter than usual. Was it because I had ‘failed’?

『Did you realize that? So? It seems that your magic power was greatly disturbed at the last moment, did something happen?』

"Ah~... well, you see, I got distracted by the butterflies and messed up the power adjustment."

『... 』

I felt like I was being pierced by Pri-chan’s cold gaze (even though she doesn’t have eyes). I feel like my heart is going to die if I don’t change the subject.

"By the way, Pri-chan, where are we?"

In response to my question, Pri-chan fell silent and began flickering like fireflies. Probably doing some sort of search or detection.

『――This is Mino, Japan. In the Gregorian calendar, it would be 1548. The voyage to another world (Japan) was successful, but the era is off, so the ritual was a failure』

"Wait, what? Can you please repeat that?"

『The ritual failed. 』

"I wasn't asking about that... No need to emphasize the failure so much... Eh? 1548? What era is that?"

『The Muromachi period—no, it might be more appropriate to say the Sengoku period? 』

"Sengoku? What? What does that mean?"

『You really lack understanding, Master. 』

"My best friend’s mouth is too bad…Even if it’s the Sengoku period, how do you know the Gregorian calendar?"

『There's nothing impossible for fairies. 』

It seems there isn’t. Amazing, fairy Pri-chan.

Even though Pri-chan has a sharp tongue, she's not the type to joke at times like this. We probably truly ended up in the Sengoku period.

I think it's unreasonable, but in the first place, the act of moving to another world itself is a lump of unreasonableness, and the magical power flowing through the magic circle might have been disrupted, causing it to deviate from the intended timeline.

Hmm, what to do. As long as Pri-chan is here, I can use nanomachines without a problem, but whether magic will work...

"Hmm?"

I felt like someone called me.

I shifted my gaze towards the deeper parts of the mountain path, but there was no one there. Though I thought it might be my imagination, it bothered me a little. So, I activated the Appraisal Eye, a form of appraisal skill, to check.

"..."

Having blinked several times, I continued walking towards the mountain depths.

『Was there something? 』 Pri-chan asked.

"Yeah, it feels like there's a magical energy spot nearby."

In Japanese terms, it might be a dragonvein—a place where magical essence, the magical power of the earth, is gushing out.

In areas with abundant magical essence, magic is easier to use, magical experiments are more manageable, and (from the perspective of magicians) the physical condition also improves, so most magic spots are secured by powerful magicians or magic organizations.

However, in Sengoku Japan, where there are likely no magicians, the magical energy spot might be readily available... The possibility is high.

A few minutes of walking on the mountain path led me to an open area surrounded by trees.

The first thing that caught my eye was the dense magical energy. There was a cabin with no signs of human habitation. And, covered in weeds, there were two graves. One was larger, and the other was smaller. Perhaps the smaller one was a child's grave?

"..."

Meeting someone or something here felt like fate. I used magic to cut the weeds around the grave and created water to pour on the gravestone. I was a little worried about whether magic could be used in this world of Japan, but it seems to be no problem.

There was something like a ceramic cup in front of the grave, so I filled it with water and put in some flowers that were blooming nearby.

After cleaning up the two graves and praying silently for a while, I headed towards a nearby hut.

“Well, is anyone there?”

I managed to open the poorly fitted door and checked the inside. Due to a hole in the roof, grass and branches were scattered around.

At first glance, it looked like a dilapidated house.

But the kimono that would have been used as a blanket (although it was old) was of high quality, and a short sword with delicate decorations was placed in what seemed to be a household altar.

“Has it been a few years since people stopped living here?”

I took off my shoes and stepped up from the dirt floor to the wooden floor.

The walls were adorned with various herbs that had been carefully dried. There were also a few that made me wonder, ‘Did they exist in Japan during the Sengoku period?’ These were things that should not have been understood in terms of efficacy or usage at this time.

On the wooden shelves, there were clear glass bottles lined up, and plant seeds were stored.

“Pri-chan, did they have glass in the Sengoku period?”

『If it was an imported item from a foreign country, it existed under the name of Gyaman. However, I don’t think it had this level of transparency, and it’s hard to believe that a person living in such a remote mountain area could get it. 』

‘Hmm.’

I casually picked up one of the bottles and noticed. A preservation magic… was applied.

Of course, a magician must be present to cast magic. Whether they, like me, had transferred from another world, or whether there was a magician in this world, Sengoku Japan… I couldn’t judge at this point.

As I was getting excited about being a little detective and looking into it a bit more, Pri-chan started to blink like a firefly.

『――Master. There are 10 people coming this way. 』

“10 peoples? That’s quite a large group.”

『Only one person is riding, so it’s probably a powerful person and their guards. 』

I was thrilled by Pri-chan’s explanation.

“I see, so this is the event of meeting Oda Nobunaga?”

『…Huh?』

“After all, the first person a modern person who has time-traveled to the Sengoku period meets is Oda Nobunaga, right?”

『…You’ve watched too much manga and anime, and besides, you’re not a time traveler, you’re a student transmigrator, right? 』

“Fufufu, Pri-chan. You shouldn’t sweat the details. At times like this, it’s already written in the stone that the first person you meet in sengoku period is Oda Nobunaga!”

『…Ah, I see. 』

It was an ‘Ah, I see’ that seemed to swallow a myriad of emotions. I want to believe that the feeling of being dumbfounded is just a figment of my imagination.

While we were having such a conversation, a lot of footsteps came from outside. Expecting a real Nobunaga, I went out of the hut.

The people who had walked up the mountain path were foot soldiers who looked very much like in nature of the Sengoku period. They were carrying spears of a length that would be inconvenient in the mountains.

In the center of them was a person riding a gray horse.

I’ve heard that the nutritional status was poor in the Sengoku period, but he had a muscular body that didn’t seem to be the case. Despite the wrinkles on his face suggesting that he should be called an old man, he had a strength that didn’t make him feel that way.

His thick Japanese clothes were free of dirt and fraying, and just that made me guess that ‘he’ was of high rank. There was a family crest on both chests of the kimono, and although I should have seen it somewhere, I couldn’t remember it even if I thought about it.

His gaze was sharp, and he had probably slaughtered many people with his own hands.

And.

His head.

――Was bald.

There was no hair.

It was a barren land.

He was exposing the vital points of the human body without hiding them.

It wasn’t at the level of sakayaki hairstyle. There was no shadow or form of a topknot. It was smooth. It was impressively smooth.

“…Huh? Was Nobunaga bald?"
